README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">⌨️ 🦾 Zsh Codex</h1>

<p align="center">
    AI in the command line.
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/stargazers"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=c9cbff&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="Repository's starts"
    /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/issues"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=f2cdcd&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="Issues"
    /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/blob/main/LICENSE"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=b5e8e0&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="License"
    /><br />
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/commits/main"
		><img
			src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/main?colorA=2c2837&colorB=ddb6f2&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
			alt="Latest commit"
    /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=89DCEB&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="GitHub repository size"
    /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src='https://github.com/tom-doerr/bins/raw/main/zsh_codex/zc4.gif'>
    <p align="center">
        You just need to write a comment or variable name and the AI will write the corresponding code.
    </p>
</p>


**Newer Version available**  (`pip install kiera`)

[More Info](https://kiera.ai)

## What is it?

This is a ZSH plugin that enables you to use OpenAI's powerful Codex AI in the command line. OpenAI Codex is the AI that also powers GitHub Copilot.
To use this plugin you need to get access to OpenAI's [Codex API](https://openai.com/blog/openai-codex/).


## How do I install it?
### Manual Installation
1. Install the OpenAI package.
```
pip3 install openai
```

2. Download the ZSH plugin.

```
git clone https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex.git ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/zsh_codex 
```

3. Add the following to your `.zshrc` file.

Using oh-my-zsh:
```
    plugins=(zsh_codex)
    bindkey '^X' create_completion
```
Without oh-my-zsh:
```
    # in your/custom/path you need to have a "plugins" folder and in there you clone the repository as zsh_codex
    export ZSH_CUSTOM="your/custom/path"
    source "$ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins/zsh_codex/zsh_codex.plugin.zsh"
    bindkey '^X' create_completion
```

4. Create a file called `openaiapirc` in `~/.config` with your ORGANIZATION_ID and SECRET_KEY.

```
[openai]
organization_id = ...
secret_key = ...
```

5. Run `zsh`, start typing and complete it using `^X`!

### Fig Installation

<a href="https://fig.io/plugins/other/zsh_codex_tom-doerr" target="_blank"><img src="https://fig.io/badges/install-with-fig.svg" /></a>

## Troubleshooting 

### Unhandled ZLE widget 'create_completion'

```
zsh-syntax-highlighting: unhandled ZLE widget 'create_completion'
zsh-syntax-highlighting: (This is sometimes caused by doing `bindkey <keys> create_completion` without creating the 'create_completion' widget with `zle -N` or `zle -C`.)
```

Add the line 
```
zle -N create_completion
```
before you call `bindkey` but after loading the plugin (`plugins=(zsh_codex)`).

### Already exists and is not an empty directory
```
fatal: destination path '~.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins'
```
Try to download the ZSH plugin again.
```
git clone https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex.git ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/zsh_codex
```
---
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/TomDoerr" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>
</p>

## More usage examples
<p align="center">
    <img src='https://github.com/tom-doerr/bins/raw/main/zsh_codex/update_insert/all.gif'>
    <p align="center">
    </p>
</p>

-------------------------------------------------------------------

[Fish Version](https://github.com/tom-doerr/codex.fish)

[Traffic Statistics](https://tom-doerr.github.io/github_repo_stats_data/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/latest-report/report.html)

Commit message:

feat: replace openai with llmhub

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">⌨️ 🦾 Zsh Codex</h1>

<p align="center">
    AI in the command line.
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/stargazers"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=c9cbff&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="Repository's starts"
    /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/issues"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=f2cdcd&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="Issues"
    /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/blob/main/LICENSE"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=b5e8e0&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="License"
    /><br />
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/commits/main"
		><img
			src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/main?colorA=2c2837&colorB=ddb6f2&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
			alt="Latest commit"
    /></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex"
        ><img
            src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/tom-doerr/zsh_codex?colorA=2c2837&colorB=89DCEB&style=for-the-badge&logo=starship style=flat-square"
            alt="GitHub repository size"
    /></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <img src='https://github.com/tom-doerr/bins/raw/main/zsh_codex/zc4.gif'>
    <p align="center">
        You just need to write a comment or variable name and the AI will write the corresponding code.
    </p>
</p>


**Newer Version available**  (`pip install kiera`)

[More Info](https://kiera.ai)

## What is it?

This is a ZSH plugin that enables you to use OpenAI's powerful Codex AI in the command line. OpenAI Codex is the AI that also powers GitHub Copilot.
To use this plugin you'll need to authenatice with [LLMHub](https://www.llmhub.com) - details are below.


## How do I install it?
### Manual Installation
1. Install the LLMHub package.
```
pip3 install llmhub
```

2. Authenticate against LLMHub.
```
llmhub auth
```
This will open a single-sign on page, and everything should be setup after that.

2. Download the ZSH plugin.

```
git clone https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex.git ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/zsh_codex 
```

3. Add the following to your `.zshrc` file.

Using oh-my-zsh:
```
    plugins=(zsh_codex)
    bindkey '^X' create_completion
```
Without oh-my-zsh:
```
    # in your/custom/path you need to have a "plugins" folder and in there you clone the repository as zsh_codex
    export ZSH_CUSTOM="your/custom/path"
    source "$ZSH_CUSTOM/plugins/zsh_codex/zsh_codex.plugin.zsh"
    bindkey '^X' create_completion
```

5. Run `zsh`, start typing and complete it using `^X`!

### Fig Installation

<a href="https://fig.io/plugins/other/zsh_codex_tom-doerr" target="_blank"><img src="https://fig.io/badges/install-with-fig.svg" /></a>

## Troubleshooting 

### Unhandled ZLE widget 'create_completion'

```
zsh-syntax-highlighting: unhandled ZLE widget 'create_completion'
zsh-syntax-highlighting: (This is sometimes caused by doing `bindkey <keys> create_completion` without creating the 'create_completion' widget with `zle -N` or `zle -C`.)
```

Add the line 
```
zle -N create_completion
```
before you call `bindkey` but after loading the plugin (`plugins=(zsh_codex)`).

### Already exists and is not an empty directory
```
fatal: destination path '~.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins'
```
Try to download the ZSH plugin again.
```
git clone https://github.com/tom-doerr/zsh_codex.git ~/.oh-my-zsh/custom/plugins/zsh_codex
```
---
<p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/TomDoerr" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>
</p>

## More usage examples
<p align="center">
    <img src='https://github.com/tom-doerr/bins/raw/main/zsh_codex/update_insert/all.gif'>
    <p align="center">
    </p>
</p>

-------------------------------------------------------------------

[Fish Version](https://github.com/tom-doerr/codex.fish)

[Traffic Statistics](https://tom-doerr.github.io/github_repo_stats_data/tom-doerr/zsh_codex/latest-report/report.html)
